Okay, the type is rolling.
Have you always been interested in wargaming and fantasy gaming or when did you start getting
interested in this?
No, I haven't always been interested in it.
I didn't know anything about wargaming until Dungeons and Dragons came out.
Dungeons and Dragons arrived commercially in California in 74, I think it was, and my
children, I have two grown sons now, had heard about it from some friends at school and told
me about it because they were sure I would be interested and I was.
We went out and bought a copy of the game and tried to learn to play it and I actually
learned about the other kinds of wargaming with miniature soldiers and things like that
from playing Dungeons and Dragons and reading about that and going to the stores where they
sell it.
Okay, I didn't know that had been.
That was late 74, early 75.
Now it's about the time that I wrote to Jelly Guy Gat who's the inventor of Dungeons and
Dragons, or the co-inventor of Dungeons and Dragons and told him that the original set
of instruction booklets that they had put out was impossible really to understand if you
hadn't seen a game played.
If you've seen somebody play a game, you could then go back to the rule book and pick out
the information that you needed and that what they needed was an introductory book for
people who had never seen a game.
He wrote me back a nice letter and said, yeah, you're right.
That's true and would you be willing to try writing such a book?
So I did.
I wrote what is usually called the basic set rule book about 70 odd pages long on how they
learned to play Dungeons and Dragons.
It's in the second edition now and the second edition has been edited by somebody else.
I'm listed as the editor enough, the writer because Guy Gax and Heron really wrote the
game and all I did was edit it so I think it was a lot easier for a beginner to understand.
Which one of the sets of rules did you edit?
Well, it's, as I say, it's called basic set Dungeons and Dragons and it's felt in a box
with usually a module game and some odds and ends.
And the new edition has a different picture on the box and has been edited by somebody
else who is credited with editing it.
If you've ever seen it, it's a blue piece with a big dragon on the cover.
Yeah, that's the one that I had.
Now, what I was getting after was which of the books did you take?
Which of the original books did you take and then compile and edit that?
All of them.
That's one of the problems with the original set of little booklets.
Guy Gax and Heron's been playing the game and they just demand from people who'd heard
about it for a rule set and they sat down and wrote up the thing.
They'd published some rule or Guy Gax had published some rules for other games before.
And then they had three little booklets and the rules for how to play the game were just
scattered through the three books kind of at random.
And there's very little in the way of the table of contents and no index so that it's impossible
to find something except by flipping through the pages of all three of the books.
And then they put out a series of supplements, half a dozen probably, supplements, and new
rules were included in those kind of at random as well.
So what I did was go through all that stuff and try and make a coherent little booklet
out of that so that the beginner could start out and devise characters and plan a scenario
and play through a zone without getting totally lost.
Can you give us a little bit of background about how our vengeance and dragons got started?
Yeah, I can tell you my understanding of it from having talked to Gary Guy Gax.
Gary had been playing war games with miniature figures for years.
And he and some friends had devised a series of rules for medieval warfare,
armored knights and horseback and things like that.
And they had included, since everybody had read Tolkien's Lord of the Rings,
they had included in those rules rules for how to fight trolls and goblins and dragons
and other kinds of creatures out of the books.
So they had a, it was called chainmail, a little set of rules which was predominantly
how to fight a toy soldier battle.
The people who do wargaming don't like to have them call them toy soldiers,
they like to have them call miniature figures, but somebody coming into the field from outside
would think of them as toy soldiers.
How to fight the battle, using the fantasy element.
And then Aronson had designed the first dungeon and run some games in which people had to do a quest
inside a dungeon and find a treasure and read maps and hunt their way through and kill the monsters
who were in there.
And that's essentially what the game is, they just combine those two elements together.
And more people heard about it and the game spread by word of mouth and they published this little set of rule books.
And again, the publicity, as far as I know, was entirely by word of mouth from like science fiction conventions
or game conventions.
More and more people heard about it, more and more people bought the rule books and the thing was,
with gradually booming it took Gygax a year or so to sell his first set of rule books.
And of course now he runs a million dollar industry with 30 or 40 employees,
making up not only Dungeons and Dragons, but other kinds of games,
but really it's a company that Dungeons and Dragons created.
Now, I'm fixing to ask you a really bad question here that you have answered in your book,
but what do you suppose is behind the popularity of the Dungeons and Dragons game?
Well, I think that to begin with, there isn't any one answer to that.
There probably are several answers.
The answer that Gygax gives is to say, well, in modern life people don't get to have interesting adventures.
And so there's a real need in everybody's heart to be an adventurer.
And here's a chance to do that in the course of a game without actually getting hurt doing it.
And I think that that is part of it.
I'm sure that the popularity of Tolkien's Lord of the Rings was part of it.
Of course you can then ask me why was Tolkien's Lord of the Rings so popular,
and I'm not sure that I know the entire answer to that either.
But playing the game is different from reading a story.
If you read a story, you can kind of imagine yourself being the hero,
and if the story is well written you can really get into the hero's problems,
and you can see the wonders that he sees and the excitement that he experiences,
and with a good author, why you can really enjoy that.
But you have to do what the author says to hero Duff if you're imagining being that hero.
You can close the book and imagine how you might have handled things,
or what might happen if you had lived in those times.
And there were a lot of people in the country at the time that Dungeons and Dragons were created,
who kind of had daydreams about what they would do if they were hobbits,
or if they were dwarfs, or if they were elves, or heroes.
And in the game you come a lot closer to being a hobbit, or a dwarf, or an elf, or a hero, or a wizard.
Then you do in just reading about it, or that you're doing just imagining it all by yourself,
because you have several other people playing with you, and let's say you decide that you want to be a wizard,
and all your friends agree that you are a wizard, or that your character in the game,
but you start talking about that person as if it were yourself, is a wizard,
and for four to six hours once a week in the evening, you feel like you really are that person.
And that's a lot more exciting than just reading about such a person.
Your alternate reality persona becomes a very real thing,
and when a person like that gets killed in the course of the game,
as happens extremely frequently, people get very upset,
because it's a real part of themselves that gets destroyed.
I think it's a marvelous invention.
It's a combination of play-acting and creative storytelling, and our regular game mechanics.
The regular game mechanics are involved in rolling dice to decide who wins a battle,
or whether a spell goes off and things like that, or whether the trapdoor GM shut.
The game mechanics are quite complicated, but they're just a way of putting a chance factor into things.
It's a tremendous invention, and I don't think really that there's been anything before that was quite comparable to it.
And I suspect that it would have caught on at any particular period in history.
I think it just happened to be invented in the 1970s.
It happened to be invented and invented about a fantasy world.
There are role-playing games about almost anything else you can imagine.
There's a role-playing game in which you pretend to be a gunslinger in the Wild West.
As a matter of fact, there are several.
There are role-playing games in which you pretend to be a comic book superhero.
For people who have read Watership Down, there are role-playing games in which you pretend to be a talking rabbit.
So that once you've mastered the basic principles of role-playing games,
you can take on any kind of alternate reality that you want,
and pretend to be just about anything.
As long as you can get some friends to play with you and to agree,
they have to agree, of course, to allow you to do that.
Does that answer the question, or did I just wander beside it there for a while?
No, that answered the question very well.
I'm going to be at a loss to figure out exactly what to cut out that would make that fit in Jewish history.
You've got a university professor on the phone who's accustomed to giving 50-minute lectures.
I rarely answer a question in short order.
The factors that led to the wide acceptance of the game, I think,
has to do with the fact that the game is a unique experience.
It's really different than playing most games, and it's different than reading an imaginative story.
It's a little more active and a little more exciting.
It has appealed to a large number of people, mostly young people, mostly male,
but quite a few women as well.
I think it just turned out, Guy Gax was lucky, it turned out that there was a big audience waiting for something like that.
My research, such as it is, I've come to that same conclusion that
Dungeons and Dragons was something whose time had come, and Guy Gax just happened to be the person who came up with it.
Isn't that so often true of any invention or fab that catches on?
There's an audience ready for something like this, and then somebody is lucky enough to come up with something that catches their imagination.
And then it spreads very rapidly.
One of the things that impresses me about Dungeons and Dragons was how rapidly it's spread with, as far as I know, in the beginning, no advertising at all.
Now, of course, there's a big advertising campaign to continue to increase the audience.
What is your involvement with T.S.R. right now?
Well, I have no official relationship to T.S.R. except that I have some friends there, and I would count Guy Gax as a personal friend.
He made an arrangement with me when I edited the beginner's book that they would supply me with games and magazines for free for the rest of my life.
So I get a copy of everything that the company produces.
And I attend the conventions, and usually when I do that I do some beginner's games because I figure that the thing that I'm most expert at is how to learn to play.
But I don't have any official position with the company or really any contract or anything else with them.
The book, Fantasy Role Playing Games, was written for another company entirely.
And it's an attempt to cover the entire field, not just the Dungeons and Dragons part itself, although Dungeons and Dragons is the most important part of the role playing game field.
Yes, I did get your book from, let's see, Hippocrine.
And I'm impressed in New York. Not one of your better known publishing companies.
They do, however, publish a number of books in wargaming, and that's how I came in contact with them.
They published a book on board wargames, which I thought was very good and had a lot of nice photographs in it.
And I wrote to them and suggested that I write a book about this kind of games, and they were glad to do that.
Yeah, I read your article in Locust Magazine, a couple of issues back, and that's what got me trying to track you down.
Oh, I see. Yeah.
Well, I'm glad to know that somebody had read the review in Locust.
I prepared a second review to cover other kinds of science fiction games, but they decided that that was enough.
They had enough with games after they published that first one.
I also wrote an article in Psychology Today called Confessions of a Dungeon Master, which is mostly humorous anecdotes and a little bit about the psychology of people playing a role playing game.
And I frequently get telephone interviews on the basis of that.
That actually has had wider circulation than Locust's article or the book.
When was the issue of psychology today?
Let's see. That was in 1980, November 1980, when that article in Psychology Today came out.
And it has a tremendous illustration that one of the artists for the magazine did.
I tell a story about, I'm a professor at the USC Medical School, and I tell a story about the fact that I have a game of Dungeons and Dragons.
I did it that time. I don't now.
I don't know that I dungeon master every month, but the game people, the game players were mostly doctors and medical students and nurses and scientists from the medical school.
And the artist drew an illustration showing a series of monsters sitting around the gaming table moving little figures which represent doctors and nurses and scientists on a huge board.
It's just great.
Let me spend time again that I came up with doctors and disdiggers.
Oh yeah. You can make up a role playing game to fit any particular role that you're interested in playing.
There's a cartoon that TSR published too in which the wizard and the dwarf and the elf are sitting around the table and they say it's a game called Papers and Paychecks in which we pretend to be students and workers in an industrial society.
That's a new DM's guide.
Yeah, I think it is. Yeah, that's a great cartoon.
Yeah. Let's explode a few myths here, or misconceptions as they were.
Tell us about the story of the kid from Minnesota and what really happened.
Yeah, but wasn't there a college student from Michigan who got killed playing live Dungeons & Dragons in the steam tunnels under Michigan State University?
No, there wasn't.
There was a college student at the University of Michigan, or Michigan State, I forgot now, who disappeared and his family couldn't find him.
He was a Dungeons & Dragons player.
And one of the things that the investigators, and they hired a private detective, family hired a private detective to try and locate him.
One of the things that he found was a series of maps, which were probably Dungeons & Dragons maps, a lot of mysterious maps.
And somebody suggested that they were maps of the steam tunnels underneath the university and that people had been playing Dungeons & Dragons in the steam tunnels.
As far as I know, that's never really been proven to be the case that anybody was actually playing in the steam tunnels.
Anyway, he turned up alive.
He showed up, and I think he had gone to visit some member of his family some distance away.
And when there was enough publicity, there was a lot of publicity about this.
A lot of television and radio news coverage of it when it occurred.
Partly, I think, because the news media people sense that this was a weird cult, like the Jonestown massacre thing, which had occurred a year or so before.
And they thought they were onto something really bizarre.
But he turned up alive and his disappearance had to do with his own personal life and his own personal problems, I guess, and had nothing to do with his playing Dungeons & Dragons.
But as far as I know, that's where the story ends.
There are rumors about what's happened to him since, but I don't know of any secure information.
There's been one novel based on that incident.
It's called Maze and Monsters, and it's by Rona Jaffe.
And it's about college students who were playing a game called Dungeons & Dragons, but Maze and Monsters.
And the students get very involved in the game, and they all have deep psychological problems, and one of them flips out and thinks that he's really the character that he plays in the game.
It's a good novel. The psychology of it is, I think, rather badly flawed.
But I say that as a professional person who deals with abnormal psychology.
As a psychological thriller of a novel, I think it's really very good.
I've seen that book. I plan to read it before I put together this program.
Well, I enjoyed it. I enjoyed the novel. It's well written, and I really got worried about those college students.
You know from page one that one of them is going to lose his or her mind, and you really worry about who it's going to be and what's going to happen to them.
And I will spoil it for you by telling you what happens. It has a surprise ending, I'll tell you that.
And there's supposed to be another novel and maybe a movie based on the disappearance thing in the works.
The people at TFR hobbies, as far as I know, were really very unhappy about the whole business, particularly about the weird publicity that they got.
Although apparently they got so much publicity that they ended up selling a lot more games in the long run and not doing them any harm.
But they weren't particularly overjoyed about it, I know. Any more than they are about the publicity they get.
Every once in a while, somebody suggests that the game should not be played in public schools or should not be taught after school or something like that.
Because it is an initiation into the cult and into demonology. Have you heard those stories?
Yes, why don't you elaborate on that a little bit and see if you can, I'll see if you can, you are ahead of your book.
Give the same reasons how come this isn't the case.
Well, the accusation usually is that the game is dangerous because it's actually teaching children.
Of course the people who are playing the game are frequently adults and not children, but it depends on what age you consider to be a child.
And there certainly are plenty of people 12 years old playing the game.
Teaching them, you know, with the evil, a cult and a demonological ritual.
And the people who make these accusations, as it turns out, are extremely religious people, fundamentalist religious people who really believe in the existence of the devil and his demons.
And demons are in the game. There are rules for playing demons. I rarely use them in my own game because I prefer to use monsters out of other sources, literature or dinosaurs or something like that just because they are more fun for me.
But there certainly are rules for using demons.
And if you really believe in the existence of demons, then I can see that you would not think that a game that made fun of them and in which people pretended to raise demons and do battle with them was something that you wanted your children to be playing after school.
But the reason that there are demons in the game is that demons are mythological monsters just like dragons.
The game is called Dungeons and Dragons.
And nobody's particularly worried about children learning to play a game in which they kill dragons.
I don't think. I haven't heard anybody in any way being worried about that.
I haven't heard about it, you know, society for the prevention of cruelty to dragons or something, complaining about the game.
But the flap over the use of the game, particularly its use as a club in a high school or something like that, usually ends up to be involved with this controversy about how serious do you take demonology?
And if you're serious about it, then you don't want to have it as a game or even as part of a game that's being taught in a school system.
I've read some of the religious tracks that have been published about, particularly about Dungeons and Dragons, but about any of the role-playing games.
And that's the major criticism.
And I think, you know, that's it. Either you have those religious beliefs or you don't.
If you don't, why then you can make fun of demons and you can also have a game like Dungeons and Dragons where you can pretend to meet the God for, or Odin, or Ra, or Seth, or, you know.
And if you were religious about those subjects, you'd probably be offended too, but nobody yet has said anything about being offended by the fact that the Greek gods also appear in the rules for the game.
The other criticism of the game is that there's a lot of violence in it. And that's certainly true. There is a lot of violence in the game.
It is all imaginary violence. And I don't know that anyone can make a definitive defense against that criticism.
There's too much violence in the world and there's some of it in this game.
The only real defense I can make is that in a game Dungeons and Dragons, nobody really gets hurt.
But you do imagine that people get hurt and killed.
And maybe that's bad and maybe it's not all bad either because when a beloved character gets killed, you realize that it isn't funny when somebody gets killed. It can be very sad.
To some extent, the game is based on a wonderful novel, The Lord of the Rings, in which a lot of people get killed.
There's a lot of violence in that too. There is in most of literature.
So I guess the only defense against this statement that there's too much violence in the game is to say, well, it's hard to decide what's too much.
And when you have a dramatic story, there's almost always considerable violence involved.
Okay, very good. You covered two or three in that.
I can't see my questions there.
You didn't get a chance to get a word in edgewise. Have you got other questions? I'll try and give you a short answer.
Let me see here. Let's see. We covered the violence in it. We covered the demon out of G and bookaboo growth stuff.
I can remember about half a year ago watching one of the channels out of Dallas that we get out here.
And they had a religious program on and they were talking about these occult games they were playing.
And he was holding up the Deities and Demigods handbook from D&D and waving it around and ranking and waving.
Yeah. Well, you know, then there are a lot of occult gods and demons in the Deities and Demigods handbook.
It's just a matter of whether you take that seriously or not. I don't take it seriously. But apparently some people do.
I would be more worried about somebody who maybe is dead serious about one of those ancient religions.
Hinduism, for instance, is indeed in Demigods and that's not a dead religion.
Objecting to somebody giving Krishna so many hit points in a game.
I might be offended by that if I was really serious about the religion.
I don't know if there's been any such complaint yet though.
Gygax has been very careful to avoid the Christian religion. Jehovah is not in Deities and Demigods.
Maddox probably has a wise move on his part.
Well, you know, I don't know Gary real well but I have definitely the impression from talking to him that he is himself a rather religious person.
And I don't think that it would even occur to him to make fun of Christian religion in his game if he could possibly avoid it.
Just as Tolkien, you know, who wrote Lord of the Rings, was a very strong and very religious Christian.
Okay, let's see. Maybe I can ask this question specifically to draw out some of the things you talked about.
And I have a type of people that play Dungeons and Dragons. What type of person do you think is sort of drawn to the game?
Well, the kind of people that play Dungeons and Dragons, what little is known about who buys the game and I guess the data comes largely from stores and distributors and so on.
I've heard quoted is that the average Dungeons and Dragons player is a middle class white male age 13.
Certainly a lot of other kinds of people play the game. I'm 52 myself. I don't know very many other 52 year old university professors who admit to playing Dungeons and Dragons.
I know some who play it with their families and their children, however, and I've had a lot of fun doing that.
And certainly there are younger people playing the game. But it's largely a game of high school, junior high and college students, age people, and mostly people who are in school.
It's a game that requires not only a considerable amount of imagination, but a lot of intellectual work.
If you're going to set up the game, you have to do a lot of reading and a lot of background work. It's like preparing a term paper really to prepare for a game.
You spend hours and hours setting the game up so that I think it appeals to people who are probably above average in intelligence and who are unusually imaginative and who read a lot.
Many of them have read a lot of the fantasy novels on which much of the game is based already.
Having said all those complimentary things about it, it also appeals to people who don't have any other outlets for their competitive and social and sports like urges.
You don't find a whole lot of real good athletes who are interested in playing Dungeons & Dragons. They have other outlets. You don't find people who spend a lot of time socializing, for instance, with members of the opposite sex.
It's not to say that everybody who plays the game is an inhibited nerd, but I would say that people like that are apt to form the majority of players in any sort of college or high school environment.
People who are simply not able to compete a lot in athletics and who may not be quite as socially adept as the leaders in the whatever social group they're in,
who are more apt to spend a lot of time with the game because it is an outlet for their energies and it is a way of getting together with friends. It's not a lonely sport. It's a group participation thing.
And it does give you something to talk about and it's a way of meeting new people, which sometimes is something that people are desperately looking for.
Does that kind of answer the question without sounding too nasty about it and remembering that I play the game a lot myself?
Very good.
Okay.
Let me see here. You're still playing the game.
Yeah. I don't play it as much as I would like to since the birth of my baby daughter because she takes up a lot of my time. But yeah, I still play. I still have a room full of books and metal figures, only some of which are painted.
And it still occupies a considerable part of my time.
Yeah. In fact, there are two people here with me that are listening in through the phone system. One of them and another person. And I have formed a company which we hope to produce some products that will matter with the fantasy gaming system.
Yeah. Well, it looks like it's still a good field to get into. I haven't talked at length to Guy Gatz for over a year now, but when I did talk to him over a year ago, he said that for reasons that he didn't understand, the recession hadn't hit his company or the role-playing game industry as yet and they were still expanding.
And he was still hiring more people and producing more products and more people were coming into the field and publishing additional games and other material. And they were continuing to expand.
He's now selling in all English-speaking countries, certainly Canada, England, Australia, New Zealand. There's a game magazine that's published in England, like Dragon magazine, published by TSR.
And I think probably as soon as Dungeons & Dragons gets translated into French and Italian and Japanese, there will be a whole big market there as well. So it's still a good field and there's still plenty of room for improvement.
Yeah. Let's talk a little bit about how the game is played. If you were explaining to somebody, let's say I was a person and I go, you know, they answered this, it's too much at length, remembering I'm sure it's five minutes long.
But if I was a person to ask you, what is Dungeons & Dragons anyway? How would you answer that?
Okay. As briefly as possible. Dungeons & Dragons or the other role-playing games are a game where a group of people get together and one of them devises the kind of skeleton outline of a story in Dungeons & Dragons.
It would be a story about fabulous treasure or a monster in a cave or in a dungeon or something like that. And the other people, each one of them takes the part of a single adventurer.
And in Dungeons & Dragons you can be an elf or a dwarf or a hobbit or a wizard or a hero. And then they pretend to go into the story and try and solve the mystery or find the treasure or whatever, and they all sit around the table and do this and they decide how things come out if they have to decide how an event occurs by just rolling dice and consulting a table in the book to see how the things occur.
So it's a story that's built up by a group of friends working together between them. That's what it is really.
Very good. Yes, that's one of the best and most concise explanations I've heard of a game.
Thank you. I've had to give that explanation a lot of times.
A lot of practice.
One of the things that happens when you have a game that's like that is that that means that no two games are ever the same because each group of people does it their own way.
And so there is no standard game really that anybody plays. Everybody plays a special game that works only for that small group at that particular time.
I think that's one of the reasons why people find it difficult to understand the rules when they set out.
They expect the game to be a little more completely laid out for them in the rule book.
One of the problems that I've run into is I've had people say, well, they'll tell me they bought my rule book, the one that I edited, and they'll say,
and I tried to understand it and I can't understand how the play came at all and I'm embarrassed, you know, because I spent a lot of time trying to write the rule book so that people could understand it.
I think part of it is that they don't realize that every game is going to be different.
I certainly wouldn't want to try to have done what you did.
Trying to explain something as open-ended as D&D is, I guess almost 50% of it is made up by the people who play it as they go along.
Something like that would be a very credible job in what you did.
Well, thank you. Yeah, it's nice of you to say so.
I think the... I wish I could remember the name of the guy who edited the second edition. I really ought to mention his name.
But I think the revised basic rule book is even better than my original one.
They have the advantage of working from mine and trying to answer a lot of questions since.
And I think it does answer some questions better than I did.
And it's somewhat better put together and actually has an index.
Analyst of books that you should read for background, which is a nice book list.
It has some things that I wish I'd put into my own book.
Yeah, sounds like they took a little bit from the DM's guy and sort of melded that in there.
Yeah, well it's supposed to lead you up to, of course, if you get interested in going out and buying the Dungeon Master's Guide.
And the people at TSR are not crazy. They've got a lot of products to sell.
And if they can get you interested in one of their products, you're probably going to go out and buy all the rest of them.
But most people do. They end up spending quite a bit of money on the rule books alone.
And then of course if you buy little metal figures, you can shoot $100 very easily buying beautiful little metal figures and painting them for the game.
And I think that was my downfall. When I decided that I wanted to DM games, I decided I wanted little metal monsters.
Yeah, uh-huh.
And I have hundreds of little metal figures.
I have thousands.
And I have no money.
I know exactly how you feel. Unfortunately, I got my, the people who played the game with me, and I had several games going for a while.
I got them so they expected that if I said, you come around the corner and you need a, that I would put the metal figure down on the table in front of them and they could see what it was.
And that meant that every time I introduced a new monster or a set of monsters, I had to go out and buy the metal figures and get them painted before the game for that week.
And not only is it expensive, it's very time consuming. It is a lot of fun though.
I can truthfully say I know exactly how you feel.
Is that something?
I have a table at home and we can't even see the table really. All it is is paints and boxes and cartons and bags of little metal bags.
Little metal figures. Yeah, I have a table like that. And someday I'm going to sit down and paint them all because a lot of them are really neat.
And I just haven't had time to get around to them yet.
Yeah.
Like any hobby, it becomes an addiction.
I'm going to do it with the barefoot feet myself.
Yeah, yeah, right. Well, people will ask if you're not crazy to spend that much time on a hobby, but you'll find plenty of people who spend that much time and money on what records, you know, or sporting events, or, you know, even chess and bridge and tennis and string and scuba diving, you know.
And any good hobby has to become an obsession.
And any good hobby has the potential for being incredibly expensive if you really get into it.
Yeah.
My trouble is that that's only one of my hobbies. It's not the only one. So we're all expensive.
Yeah, I think I've basically covered everything here.
Can you think of anything that I might have left out?
No, no, I think, you know, the things that we wanted to talk about was, you know, what is the game. You know that.
But for the benefit of the people who are going to be listening to your show, you might want to have that.
And then a discussion of who plays it and, you know, is there anything, you know, seriously wrong about it?
Is it dangerous in any particular way? I don't think it is.
I think we've covered Mr. Bass probably more exhaustively than you really wanted to, but I wish you a lot of luck in editing the tape.
I'd love to hear it sometime.
Oh yeah, there's no time at now. Let me go. I'm shutting down the recording equipment.